hello everyone this is the first video of
a long series
let's start with the first mission
here, but where the fuck are you assholes
they will have gone to eat a kebab
without me it only cags me when it's there
getting shot are just infamous of the
fuck here is the asshole who calls ready
come and give me a hand
an arm of homosexual tramps stands
trying to kill me because he saw me
with static but what the fuck you say
move purple
idiot will be that big berry of hers
mother I will go to save just because
i am a compassionate man and also
because I don't have a dick to do this is
you don't know my bugatti yet
but i am a rich man a philanthropist e
even a playboy
I have a lot of money but I have not yet taken the
driving license
you may have noticed it from my style of
guide
how to say this game very aggressively
It was barely changed you
can notice from cars by weapons and also
by the fact that there is no
speed in the machines is so arrived
let's go help his big one
slut as a reward after I want
let me do it myself, I need neither
respect or money I just miss the
fanny
since mine is a toilet, you die bread
you have no hope against mine
doublets
they are winter weapons
hey you where you hide come roles here
with your friends
there was no need to call me to the
mobile phone as we are within two meters of
distance
I can do that money you don't
you're just a poor bum ok guys
for this video everything is taken home
the bum is the bitch in hope
to get the reward I have
talked about before
Hi everyone, see you next time
video